Job Description
Do you have experience and a passion for building great products and bending the future? Do you obsess over the fine details of production ready code? We offer you the opportunity to showcase your talents to the biggest brands and consumer electronic platforms in the world. Working with us will give you the opportunity to explore the latest technologies on innovative and exciting projects.
The perfect candidate has solid development skills, a high degree of independence and experience in building advanced and modern user experiences. We are looking for an energetic engineer with strong people and communication skills and a passion for innovation! Connekt Media is a funded pre-series A startup with existing revenues and products working with top brands in media, entertainment, and consumer electronic platforms.
The Full Stack Software Engineer will build software applications and work as a full stack engineer leading front end and back end on various projects on the Connekt Media omni-channel platform.

Responsibilities:
Build and maintain enterprise-level applications using the latest technology stack (Python, ReactJS)
Use continuous integration to build and deliver new platform capabilities and features
Develop and enhance integration frameworks for applications on multiple platforms (IoT)
Ensure developed code is production ready and scalable using Google Cloud infrastructure
Develop into innovative UX/front end frameworks that are responsively designed for all screens
Collaborate and build strong working relationships with internal teams including IT, Engineering & QA
Provide support for other departmental projects as needed
Maintain service levels as assigned by management
Requirements​ :
Passion for driving innovation and building robust, secure, and scalable software applications
2-5 years of experience with Object oriented design and code
We welcome all kinds of background in languages (Python, JavaScript, Java, Swift)
Familiarity and hands-on experience developing and integrating with web services and/or APIs
Experience with Agile methodology and continuous integration SDLC
Strong communication skills (verbal and written) and time management skills
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to be proactive with a sense of urgency
Ability to read, understand and communicate technical documentation
Be a self-starter, a highly motivated person able to work in a fast paced environment that is continually changing
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Mathematics

Disclaimer: This job description should not be construed to imply that these requirements are the exclusive standards of the position. Incumbents may be required to perform other duties as assigned.
